suddenly María Patiño still has
a lot to tell But well She
won the trial at the time they
withheld 120,000 from her account until
the trial was resolved She has been
almost 2 years with this money withheld in
the bank also her house seized withheld
in quotes for
what could happen but you had your house seized and money in the bank withheld and you have been two years without being able to access that money let's see then It seems that the judge has seen veracity in María Patiño's words He has also taken into account that in
the following days she rectified that I
see that rectification as very let's see It's that
the rectification for me did not have the
same diffusion as the defamation that
María Patiño Castro has been acquitted of
the crime of slander and libel
Filed by Antoño David Flores
[Music]
[Applause]